samples: wifi: radio_test: Improve tone trasmit command description (#19817)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/radio_test/radio_test_subcommands.rst

     - | <val> (Min: -10, Max: 10)
     - 0
     - Configuration

>      - Tone frequency in the range of -10 MHz to 10 MHz with resolution of 1 MHz. Transmit tone frequency will be offset from selected channel's center frequency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Tone frequency ranges from -10 MHz to 10 MHz with a resolution of 1 MHz.
       The transmit tone frequency will be offset from the center frequency of the selected channel.
```
